update(UI overview): add bonita apps (#1362)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/pages-development.md

Displayed in a browser, a [page](pages.md) is intended for use in applications. 

## Provided pages
You do not need to create all your pages from scratch. Bonita already provides some pages.  
Bonita Portal "Ressources" section lists all the non-UI Designer-made pages, that can be reused as is in an application.
By downloading the Bonita User and Administrator applications from Bonita Studio Welcome page, you also download Bonita pages created with Bonita UI Designer.  
Those pages can be customized and added to an application.

## Custom pages
A page resource has the general [resource definition](resource-management.md). 
If it contains an `Index.groovy` file, this must implement the PageController interface optionally with libraries. 
If you create a custom page with Bonita UI Designer, its required structure and content are right, by default.

A custom page is displayed inside an iframe to prevent conflicts between Bonita Portal resources (for example JS and CSS) and those used in the custom page. 
This also reduces the risk of migration issues, for example if a custom page uses the version of JQuery provided with Bonita Portal and it is updated.

> For all information about developping a custom page, go to the dedicated page

Reviewer: Isn't it this page ? if there is another one, can we put a link ?

Author: got lost here. you're right

### PageController interface
```java
public interface PageController {

/**
* Let the custom page parse request for specific attribute handling.
*
* @param request the HTTP servlet request intended to be used as in a servlet
* @param response the HTTP servlet response intended to be used as in a servlet
* @param pageResourceProvider provide access to the resources contained in the custom page zip
* @param pageContext provide access to the data relative to the context in which the custom page is displayed
*/
public void doGet(HttpServletRequest request, HttpServletResponse response, PageResourceProvider pageResourceProvider, PageContext pageContext);
}
```

### Permissions for custom pages

> If you are using [REST API authorization](rest-api-authorization.md) and your custom page is an HTML page using the Web REST API, 

Reviewer: Dealing with the REST API authorization is not optional
```suggestion
If your custom page is an HTML page using the Web REST API, 
```

> you need to specify the permissions that a user needs to have in order to access the resources in the custom page. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you need to specify the [REST API authorizations](rest-api-authorization.md) that a user needs to have in order to access the resources in the custom page. 
```

> These permissions are defined in the `page.properties` file. If your custom page is written in Groovy and uses the Bonita Engine Java APIs, you do not need to specify permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These resource authorizations are defined in the `page.properties` file. If your custom page is written in Groovy and uses the Bonita Engine Java APIs, you do not need to specify any resource authorization.
```

For each REST resource accessed in the page, specify the authorization needed for each method used.  
You can find examples of the default resources in [`resources-permissions-mapping.properties`](BonitaBPM_platform_setup.md).

> The following example shows the permissions defined for a custom page that enables a user to view but not update organization information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows the resource authorizations defined for a custom page that enables a user to view but not update organization information:
```

```
#The name must start with 'custompage_'
name=custompage_orgViewer
displayName=Organization viewer
description=Organization viewer page. You cannot modify the organization from this page.
resources=[GET|identity/user, GET|identity/personalcontactdata, GET|identity/professionalcontactdata, GET|identity/role, GET|identity/group, GET|identity/membership, GET|customuserinfo/user, GET|customuserinfo/definition, GET|customuserinfo/value] 
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a user is given access to this page because they are in a profile that contains it or that is mapped to an application that contains the page, then this user is granted, upon login, the permissions associated to these resources (see [REST API authorizations](rest-api-authorization.md) for more details).  

```

### Custom page examples

Two custom page examples are available in Bonita Portal. Both examples show how to:

* Get the Bonita CSS
* Write simple HTML code
* Get session information, including the locale
* Get resources from the custom page definition
* Call the Engine Java APIs (in the Groovy example) or the Web REST APIs (in the.md example)
* Write a clickable link to an external page
* Write a clickable link to a portal page
* Write locale-specific messages

**Groovy example page** defines a custom page using Groovy. 
**HTML example page** defines a custom page using only HTML. 
In practice, you will probably use a combination of Groovy and HTML to create your custom pages.

To view an example page, map the page to an [application](applications.md) so that you can view it in Bonita Portal. To view the source of an example, [export the custom page](resource-management.md#export).

> ### Reuse Bonita Portal content

Reviewer: Do we want to keep this section as we will change the process visu technology soon and this will no longer work ?

Author: yes. We are not sure of when we can imbed the bpmn-visu library
